https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/deploy-manage-resource-manager-templates/

Infrastructure as code enables you to describe, through code, the infrastructurethat you need for your application.
With infrastructure as code, you can maintain both your application code and everything you need to deploy your application in a central code repository. 
The advantages to infrastructure as code are:

Consistent configurations
Improved scalability
Faster deployments
Better traceability

ARM templates are idempotent, which means you can deploy the same template many times and get the same resource types in the same state.

Resource Manager orchestrates the deployment of the resources so they're created in the correct order. When possible, resources will also be created in parallel, so ARM template deployments finish faster than scripted deployments.

The difference between az deployment group create and az group deployment create is that az group deployment create is an old command to be deprecated and will be replaced by az deployment group create. Therefore, it is recommended to use az deployment group create to deploy resources under the resource group scope.

Use linked templates to deploy complex solutions. You can break a template into many templates and deploy these templates through a main template. When you deploy the main template, it triggers the deployment of the linked template. You can store and secure the linked template by using a SAS token.

Recommendations for using parameters

Use parameters for settings that vary according to the environment; for example, SKU, size, or capacity. Also use parameters for resource names that you want to specify yourself for easy identification or to comply with internal naming conventions. Provide a description for each parameter, and use default values whenever possible.

For security reasons, never hard code or provide default values for usernames and/or passwords in templates. Always use parameters for usernames and passwords (or secrets). Use secureString for all passwords and secrets. If you pass sensitive data in a JSON object, use the secureObject type. Template parameters with secureString or secureObject types can't be read or harvested after the deployment of the resource.

Use outputs in an ARM template

Here's an example to output the storage account's endpoints.
JSON

"outputs": {
  "storageEndpoint": {
    "type": "object",
    "value": "[reference('learntemplatestorage123').primaryEndpoints]"
  }
}

Notice the reference part of the expression. This function gets the runtime state of the storage account.

Don't use the reference function in the variables section of a template. The reference function is resolved at runtime, and variables are resolved when the template is parsed. Also, don't use variables for apiVersion on a resource. The API version determines the schema of the resource, and often you can't change the version without changing the properties for the resource.

There are two features of Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates that you'll want to use when you deploy to more than one Azure environment. These features are resource tags and ARM template parameter files.

As you add more resources to your environments, you'll quickly find that you need a way to identify the purpose of these resources. Resources have a tags: attribute for this purpose. As you deploy to more environments, you'll need an efficient way to keep track of the input parameters. ARM templates can use parameter files to manage parameters for each deployment environment.

Azure Resource Manager supports two deployment modes: incremental and complete.
Incremental mode

The default deployment mode is incremental. In this mode, Resource Manager won't delete anything. If resources exist in the resource group but aren't specified in the template, Resource Manager leaves them alone. Resources in the template are added to the resource group if they don't already exist, and if they do exist, Resource Manager updates them to the configuration in the template.
Complete mode

You have to explicitly ask for your deployment to run in complete mode. When you use this mode, resources that exist in Azure but that aren't specified in the template are deleted. Complete mode won't delete all resources in your resource group. Some resource types are exempt.

Complete mode is available when you deploy to a resource group. If you use templates to deploy resources to a subscription, management group, or a tenant, you won't be able to use complete mode.

If you don't need to know all of the change types, you can use the --what-if-exclude-change-types argument to omit the types you're not interested in.

To preview changes before deploying a template, use the --confirm-with-what-if argument with the deployment command. If the changes are as you expected, acknowledge that you want the deployment to finish.

If you use Bicep to write your code, we recommend you don't use the ARM-TTK. Instead, you should use the Bicep linter.